Today, we're going to pick a winner.
By the end of this, I believe that we'll both agree.
The long-lived debate: the book vs the movie.
Spoiler: the book wins.
Think of some books you've come to know and love over the years.
For some, the titles are popping into your head.
For others, you might still be stuck on the book you got
assigned in English class.
Now, think of some of the movies you've come to know and love.
The Color Purple, Matilda, Ready Player One, The Godfather,
Shawshank Redmeption, Wonder, Dune.
Bear with me.
The Devil Wears Prada, Crazy Rich Asians, The Social Network,
The Silence of the Lambs, Killers of the Flower Moon.
Did I cover them all? It's a variety, for sure,
but they all share one thing.
All of these were based on books. So, add them to your list.
Next time you feel like you want some adventure or some action or
some romance or some mystery...
...don't go scrolling through Netflix.
Don't drive all the way to the cinema.
Pick up a book.
I promise you won't be disappointed!